Isn't it a little shocking how low the
bar has gotten? Like, congratulations.
He told the truth. We are applauding
here for basic human functionality.
Being honest doesn't make a man a
keeper. It makes him qualified to stay
in the conversation. That's it. Praising
a restaurant because the food wasn't
poisoned, that, my dear ladies, is not
five-stars. It's health code compliance.
And this is exactly how women overvalue
men who simply do the bare minimum. We
start attaching meaning to things that
should be already assumed. And suddenly,
the standards are so low that anything
above this honest feels impressive. A
keeper is a man who is consistent,
intentional, follows [clears throat]
through, and shows up when it costs him
something. So, if honesty alone makes
him a keeper, the bar is not low, it's
underground.